first prep the veg chopped spring onions
shallots a clove of garlic and chilli to
taste then thinly sliced celery add a
bay leaf and thyme bed ready
and oil to a pan and fry
season then add mussels and stir
mussels were my favourite shellfish
cheap healthy and delicious
cover and sting for a couple of minutes
as the muscles open Advil move an
aromatic fortified wine
and 150 mil of dry white wine on a high
heat reduce the liquid to create a
source discard any muscles that are
still shut
then finish with creme fraiche and chop
parsley
the
minimal prep and cooked in less than 10
minutes my mussels with celery and chili
impressive affordable and super speedy
sliced spring onions chopped spring
greens and trimmer head of broccoli is
it really nice sort of sweet earthy
creamy flavor it's incredible